# Roll Call
ibm2431, Wiggo, Zircon

# Opening Remarks 
> This is the general format I have in mind for our meetings.
> - Roll call.
> - Opening remarks, if any, by me.
> - Staff updates, from each member, to catch up from the last meeting on what has or will be worked on. If you do not have an update, do not be afraid to say so. No one is being paid for this. I will serve as facilitator and go through each person in order.
> - Open PRs, when we discuss any open Pull Requests on an update/hold basis. We will go through them individually. If you are placing a hold on a PR, or want to discuss progress on it, say so here. If there remain no active holds on the PR after discussion, that PR will be approved for merging, and we will move on to the next.
> - General remarks, in an open discussion format, when staff can share information or seek consensus, as a group, on matters of importance that have not yet been discussed. Generally they should not be about very specific development issues
> - Closing remarks, if any, by me.
>
> I will mark headers for each meeting and subject, as seen above. As an example, if you have input on this format, you can share it during the General Remarks discussion.
>
> The format is subject to change in the future if we feel it can be improved.
>
> I hope to hold these meetings weekly, but I will have to speak with each of you individually to see about days and times. Until a solid schedule is set up, the only goal for now is to hold a meeting a week.

# Staff Updates
**ibm2431:** Started work on lua script modding system, will work on it instead of quest_rewrite

**Zircon:** Pulled in updates from sidestream; worked on setting up project boards; clarified for non-staff that role is solely administrative

**Wiggo:** Opened discussion on project plan. Discussion which occurred is under General Remarks in this summary, but occurred during Staff Updates during meeting

# Pull Requests (0)
No open Pull Requests.

# General Remarks
- Zircon expressed thoughts that way forward for now is to be a value-add fork with goal of major rewrites in the future. Goal is to add new features that the community desires which are achievable before major core rewrites. Once Topaz has sufficient features, it can go after use-share and build up a community around fork.
- Discussed procedure for non-staff performing Pull Request reviews on GitHub. Allowed and encouraged.
- Began discussions for how new staff are added. No formalized rules adopted for selection. Acceptance is when the Staff approves of them and feels the rest of the community would not disapprove of the selection.
- Discussed how a sister repository for mods under the planned mod system will be handled. Project Topaz will host the repository, but will need assistance from the community maintaining it.

# Closing Remarks
> Things will be a little rough around the edges as we get used to the swing of things.
>
> We will do our best.